fix: Trust Model normative language and editorials (#84)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/trust.rst

- **Privacy-preserving**, the infrastructure is public and exposes public data such as public keys and metadata of the participants. It does not require authentication of the requesters and therefore does not track who is assessing trust against whom;
- **Guarantor of the non-repudiation of long-lived attestations**, historical keys endpoints and historical Trust Chains are saved for years according to data retention policies. This enables the certification of the validity of historical compliance, even in cases of revocation, expiration, or rotation of the keys used for signature verification;
- **Dynamic and flexible**, any participants have the freedom to modify parts of their metadata autonomously, as these are published within their domains and verified through the Trust Chain. Simultaneously, the Trust Anchor or its Intermediate may publish a metadata policy to dynamically modify the metadata of all participants — such as disabling a vulnerable signature algorithm — and obtain certainty of propagation within a configured period of time within the federation;

> - **Development-easy**, JWT and JSON formats have been adopted on the web for years. They are cost-effective in terms of storage and processing and have a wide range of solutions available, such as libraries and software development kits, which enable rapid implementation of the solution;

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions propose improvements to the current subject. It's important to be explicit and clear on what is being suggested and why it is an improvement. Consider using patches and the blocking or non-blocking decorations to further communicate your intent.  -->
**suggestion:** 
* Easy development
* Seamless development experience

> - **Development-easy**, JWT and JSON formats have been adopted on the web for years. They are cost-effective in terms of storage and processing and have a wide range of solutions available, such as libraries and software development kits, which enable rapid implementation of the solution;

Author: ```suggestion
- **Developer friendly**, JWT and JSON formats have been adopted on the web for years. They are cost-effective in terms of storage and processing and have a wide range of solutions available, such as libraries and software development kits, which enable rapid implementation of the solution;
```

Author: @balanza what about this ^
